Components (#361)
Heegu-sama/Homm3BG: sections/components.tex

% !TeX spellcheck = en_US
\addsection{Components}{\skills/luck.png}

> This is a visual guide of what is what, and shows components from every expansion together. Please refer to the official component lists for the exact numbers and pictures of all individual components.

Reviewer: I like the idea, but I think the wording could be improved. Can't offer anything better yet.

> This is a visual guide of what is what, and shows components from every expansion together. Please refer to the official component lists for the exact numbers and pictures of all individual components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides a visual overview of all components included in every expansion. For detailed information, including exact quantities and images of each individual component, please refer to the Archon's official content guide.
```
